gcpdiag: add page (#9678)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/gcpdiag.md

# gcpdiag

> Google Cloud Platform troubleshooting and diagnostics tool.
> Run in a docker container or in GCP Cloudshell.
> More information: <https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/gcpdiag>.

> - Runs gcpdiag on your project, returning all rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `gcpdiag` on your project, returning all rules:
```

> `gcpdiag lint --project={{GCP Project ID}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gcpdiag lint --project={{gcp_project_id}}`
```

> - Run `gcpdiag` on your project, returning all rules:
> 
> `gcpdiag lint --project={{gcp_project_id}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Run `gcpdiag` on specific project, returning all rules:

`gcpdiag lint --project="{{id}}"`
```

Optional fix: `specific` may sound better.
Optional fix: placeholder can be simplified.
Optional fix: placeholder can be quoted to protect from misinterpretation by POSIX-compatible shell.

> - Runs gcpdiag on your project, hiding rules that are ok:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hide rules that are ok:
```
I don't think we need to repeat `runs gcpdiag on your project`.

> - Hide rules that are ok:
> 
> `gcpdiag lint --project={{gcp_project_id}} --hide-ok`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Hide rules that are ok:

`gcpdiag lint --project="{{id}}" --hide-ok`
```

The same issue as above.

> `gcpdiag lint --project={{GCP Project ID}} --hide-ok`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gcpdiag lint --project={{gcp_project_id}} --hide-ok`
```

> - Runs gcpdiag on your project and authenticate using a service account private key file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Authenticate using a service account private key file:
```

> - Authenticate using a service account private key file:
> 
> `gcpdiag lint --project={{gcp_project_id}} --auth-key {{path/to/private_key}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Authenticate using a specific service account private key file:

`gcpdiag lint --project="{{id}}" --auth-key {{path/to/private_key}}`
```

Almost the same issue as above.

> `gcpdiag lint --project={{GCP Project ID}} --auth-key {{/path/to/private/key}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gcpdiag lint --project={{gcp_project_id}} --auth-key {{path/to/private_key}}`
```

> `gcpdiag lint --project={{GCP Project ID}} --auth-key {{/path/to/private/key}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gcpdiag lint --project={{gcp_project_id}} --auth-key {{path/to/private_key}}`
```

> `gcpdiag lint --project={{GCP Project ID}} --auth-key {{/path/to/private/key}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gcpdiag lint --project={{gcp_project_id}} --auth-key {{path/to/private_key}}`
```

> - Search logs and metrics from a number of days back (default: 3 days):
> 
> `gcpdiag lint --project={{gcp_project_id}} --within-days {{number}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Search logs and metrics from a number of days back (default: 3 days):

`gcpdiag lint --project="{{id}}" --within-days {{number}}`
```
Almost the same issue as above.

> - Runs gcpdiag on your project, searching logs and metric from {{number}} of days back (default: 3 days):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Search logs and metrics from a number of days back (default: 3 days):
```

> - Runs gcpdiag on your project, searching logs and metric from {{number}} of days back (default: 3 days):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Search logs and metrics from a number of days back (default: 3 days):
```

> `gcpdiag lint --project={{GCP Project ID}} --within-days {{number}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gcpdiag lint --project={{gcp_project_id}} --within-days {{number}}`
```

> `gcpdiag lint --project={{GCP Project ID}} --within-days {{number}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gcpdiag lint --project={{gcp_project_id}} --within-days {{number}}`
```

> `gcpdiag lint --project={{GCP Project ID}} --within-days {{number}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`gcpdiag lint --project={{gcp_project_id}} --within-days {{number}}`
```

> - Shows the full command options and flags of gcpdiag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display help:
```
This is the generic description we use across all pages.
